README.md, before:

# lingmo-arch-pkgbuilder

:construction: 施工ing！ Coming soon...

:warning: 请勿使用，生人勿近 :warning:

Build for Arch Linux to enable Lingmo's desktop &amp; software

---

Todos:

:white_check_mark: liblingmo

:white_check_mark: lingmo-baloo

:white_check_mark: lingmo-calculator

:white_check_mark: lingmo-core

:white_check_mark: lingmo-cursor-themes

:white_check_mark: lingmo-dock

:white_check_mark: lingmo-filemanager

:white_check_mark: lingmo-fontpkg

:white_check_mark: lingmo-gtk-themes

:white_large_square: lingmo-kwin-plugins

:white_check_mark: lingmo-launcher

:white_check_mark: lingmo-qt-plugins

:white_check_mark: lingmo-screenlocker

:white_check_mark: lingmo-screenshots

:white_check_mark: lingmo-sddm-theme

:white_check_mark: lingmo-settings

:white_check_mark: lingmo-statusbar

:white_check_mark: lingmo-systemicons

:white_check_mark: lingmo-terminal

:white_check_mark: lingmo-texteditor

:white_check_mark: lingmo-videoplayer

:white_check_mark: lingmo-wallpapers

Commit message:

deleted:    .vscode/settings.json 	modified:   LingmoUI/PKGBUILD 	modified:   README.md 	modified:   build.sh 	modified:   liblingmo/PKGBUILD 	deleted:    liblingmo/liblingmo-1.0.0-0-x86_64.pkg.tar.zst 	deleted:    liblingmo/liblingmo-debug-1.0.0-0-x86_64.pkg.tar.zst 	deleted:    liblingmo/liblingmo.tar.gz 	deleted:    liblingmo/sourceURL 	modified:   lingmo-calculator/PKGBUILD 	deleted:    lingmo-calculator/sourceURL 	modified:   lingmo-core/PKGBUILD 	deleted:    lingmo-core/sourceURL 	modified:   lingmo-cursor-themes/PKGBUILD 	deleted:    lingmo-cursor-themes/sourceURL 	modified:   lingmo-dock/PKGBUILD 	deleted:    lingmo-dock/lingmo-dock-main.tar.gz 	deleted:    lingmo-dock/sourceURL 	modified:   lingmo-filemanager/PKGBUILD 	deleted:    lingmo-filemanager/sourceURL 	modified:   lingmo-fontpkg/PKGBUILD 	modified:   lingmo-gtk-themes/PKGBUILD 	modified:   lingmo-launcher/PKGBUILD 	modified:   lingmo-qt-plugins/PKGBUILD 	modified:   lingmo-screenlocker/PKGBUILD 	modified:   lingmo-screenshots/PKGBUILD 	modified:   lingmo-sddm-theme/PKGBUILD 	modified:   lingmo-settings/PKGBUILD 	modified:   lingmo-statusbar/PKGBUILD 	modified:   lingmo-systemicons/PKGBUILD 	modified:   lingmo-terminal/PKGBUILD 	modified:   lingmo-texteditor/PKGBUILD 	modified:   lingmo-videoplayer/PKGBUILD 	modified:   lingmo-wallpapers/PKGBUILD 	modified:   pkgs

README.md, after:

# lingmo-arch-pkgbuilder

Build for Arch Linux to enable Lingmo's desktop &amp; software

## 请注意！
:warning:该项目由于与其他项目的开发资源格式未统一，暂时无法使用！

:construction: 施工ing！ Coming soon...

Build for Arch Linux to enable Lingmo's desktop &amp; software

---

Todos:

:white_check_mark: liblingmo

:white_check_mark: lingmo-baloo

:white_check_mark: lingmo-calculator

:white_check_mark: lingmo-core

:white_check_mark: lingmo-cursor-themes

:white_check_mark: lingmo-dock

:white_check_mark: lingmo-filemanager

:white_check_mark: lingmo-fontpkg

:white_check_mark: lingmo-gtk-themes

:white_large_square: lingmo-kwin-plugins

:white_check_mark: lingmo-launcher

:white_check_mark: lingmo-qt-plugins

:white_check_mark: lingmo-screenlocker

:white_check_mark: lingmo-screenshots

:white_check_mark: lingmo-sddm-theme

:white_check_mark: lingmo-settings

:white_check_mark: lingmo-statusbar

:white_check_mark: lingmo-systemicons

:white_check_mark: lingmo-terminal

:white_check_mark: lingmo-texteditor

:white_check_mark: lingmo-videoplayer

:white_check_mark: lingmo-wallpapers
